>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we looked at the linked list, but
we did not look at the tree yesterday.
The interesting thing that I wanted to
point out about our tree versus our
linked list.
So a link list is a type of tree it's
a simple tree that has one child.
And this is a general tree
called an N-ary tree, right,
you've heard of a binary tree.
That means there's two children N-ary
means there could be N number of children,
so general tree.
It's not the most useful tree because of
that, but it's a good intro into trees.
So the difference between our linked list
and our tree is that, we call them nodes,
but instead of,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How do I say this.
Instead of having its own constructor,
each node we consider it a tree.
And so we just, as we add a node,
we're just adding trees.
So each node is in itself a tree.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
and as you save your instance of a tree,
as you add a child this
instance is going to be
your root node.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That
make sense?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Why is this different
than a linked list?
And why do you think linked list
we had a node constructor and
then we had a linked list constructor?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: When
this we don't?
>> Speaker 2: One child versus multiple
children.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, there's that.
But couldn't we just
have a node that instead
of saying, null, it's just an array?
So the .Next can be an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There
is no reason it couldn't be.
>> Speaker 3: But then that array each
element can have another next right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
I mean so you don't wanna make a linked
list like that but you could and
it wouldn't break it.
>> Speaker 3: In that case the array
itself would have a .Next property or
each element in the array would
have .Next properties.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I don't know,
let me think.
So if we had a linked list and
we had the .Next as an array,
then yeah the array would
have it's own .Next.
So it would be like array.next.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Not each element?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Not each element
within the array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: This is hypothetical,
this is not a good implementation.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: So the question is, why was
our linked list constructor as well as a-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
as well as a node constructor.
The simple answer is, is for
a tree all we need is the value and
the children for our linked list.
We have pointers to both a head and
a tail within our data structure.
And so because of that,
it makes sense to separate it, right?
Cuz each node of a linked list doesn't
have a head and tail, however each tree
has a value in an array of children.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So you could do it,
if you did implement it by making
each node part of the tree,
you might realize that in
your tree constructor,
it would just be kind of empty.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right,
because what that would look like.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right we have function
Node, the value.
>> Speaker 3: I'm thinking maybe the
reason we want to separate the node from
the linked list is that in a linked list
we wanna keep track of where the tail is.
And in a tree there are many leaves, so
it's not practical to keep track of all
the leaves.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, yeah, absolutely.
So it all has to do with
this extra this.head.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: this.tail,
right this extra metadata
that we want just on
the parent's data structure,
right not each node.
So for this case, for this particular
tree we don't need metadata,
all we need is the value and the children.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
we don't need to have an external
node creator cuz each node is a tree,
there's no metadata needed.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Can I
have one question about that?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You can
just humor me with a question,
if you already know the answer.
>> Speaker 3: Is there a limit on the
number of children that a tree can have?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Not
this one.
>> Speaker 3: Do you need to
keep track of the very first root?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
so the root is just gonna be here,
it's just gonna be this.
The instance is your root.
>> Speaker 3: From
looking at just a tree object,
is there a way to tell if it's the root?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
it's the root if it
doesn't have any parents.
And if your tree doesn't have
a reference to its parent,
which usually it doesn't, it's hard to
know if it's explicitly the root, so
yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So to add a child,
where we're gonna put it on the prototype.
We're gonna instantiate a new tree, and
we're gonna push it to the children array,
and then maybe we'll return it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
anyone do it differently?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, everyone do this
exactly like this?
>> Speaker 3: I indented that with
four spaces instead of two,
that's the only difference.
[LAUGH] It's a hard different so well,
spark debate world wide.
>> Speaker 2: It could be worse,
you could have used tabs.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I know.
>> Speaker 3: Instead of child I
named variable sub tree.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sub tree?
Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's a good name for
it.